I live with my spoon eat off a soulmate
and some people were saying I came in at
a moment but I shouldn't be coming
because it's so intense here but to be
honest with you I haven't I haven't seen
anything I've just got here and I
haven't witnessed any any of the
protests I heard they were very
effective so it's great I don't think
I've ever participated in the protest
now I five protested against my mother
that I don't want to go to school
we won't go second grade I know that I
love you Stefan my future our lives
together
those were things I was supposed to deal
with as they came along
I don't have a brother but I would
imagine that I probably would have if I
did have I ever lost a girl okay
I've never been in that situation at
least not as an adult maybe in third or
fourth grade or something
I have a crush on a girl she likes
somebody else but never as an adult I'm
not interested in playing games
the girl doesn't like me okay I don't
have time for it
my mom still chooses Mike my luck's yes
it's good it's not going well no it's
going great I'm just kidding my mom
doesn't choose my looks I wanted to have
an earring and be a rocker I wanted to
have ripped jeans and I really liked the
idea of looking like I was like a rocker
when I was a young kid that's all I ever
wanted I don't know people ask me that a
couple of interviewers have asked me and
I actually they don't tell me anything
unfortunately I know that I'm gonna play
Silas that's that's literally extent of
my knowledge I mean I don't have
specific plans but I hope to do more
film I'm in the middle of shooting a
movie right now and I hope to do more
films and hope to produce more directs
and things